Updated Standard glossary with some terms from About glossary (#191)
publiccodenet/standard: glossary.md

## Codebase

> Any discrete package of code (both source and policy), the tests and documentation required to implement a piece of policy or software.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any discrete package of code (both source and policy), the tests and the documentation required to implement a piece of policy or software.
```

add the for readability

## Public code

Public code is both civic code (like policy or regulation) and computer source code (such as software and algorithms) executed in a public context, by humans or machines.

Because public code serves the public interest, it should be open, legible, accountable, accessible and sustainable.

> By developing public code independent from but implementable in a local context, as well as documenting the development process openly, it can provide a building block for others to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By developing public code independently from, but still implementable in, the local context for which it is developed, as well as documenting the development process openly, public code can provide a building block for others to:
```

Find this sentence hard to read. Tried to fix, but not quite sure about it
